      
About Us
About Us
For three generations, Tapal Tea has consistently ensured to offer consumers across Pakistan and around the world the distinct Tapal flavor developed by blending premium tea leaves; handpicked from select gardens in the world.
Our Purpose
Tapal Tea is the market leader of branded tea in Pakistan. We are guided by our values and principles to bring calmness and relaxation in the lives of our consumers through our aromatic and flavorful teas. By keeping a close watch on the likes and preferences of our consumers, we have constantly enhanced our range of tea brands that cater to varying requirements and tastes of our consumers who belong to all ages and live in different regions of the world. The finest blends of Tapal have gathered the world around our cup of tea.
The company was founded in  and we started our operations by importing tea from Sri Lanka (then Ceylon). Soon after Tapal introduced its pioneering brand Family Mixture, which still is regarded the preferred tea brand for families in the market. Tapal ventured into exports when we introduced our teas in the Saudi Arabia market. Now Tapal has made its mark in 6 continents and over 15 countries across North and South America, Asia, Europe and Africa.
Our market leading status is backed by a strong research and development unit, which works arduously and supports the operations unit by developing new and innovative tea grades at its Tapal Tea Lab.
Today, millions of consumers across Pakistan and around the world are obsessed with Tapal Tea brands, for whom our teas have become an essential and integral part of their lives. Our promise to our consumers is to continue enriching their lives by maintaining our high standards and constantly introducing more innovative variants of teas in future.
Our Legacy

Founded by Adam Ali Tapal.
It started out as a retail outlet in Jodia Bazaar.

Introduction to Tapal Family Mixture

Turnover of 0.5m kg

Built its first Factory / Warhouse

Mechanized Blending

Imported the first packaging machine

Turnover of 1.5m kg

Introduction of Chenak Dust

First distributor appointed

Introduction of Tapal Danedar

Introduction of Mezban Dust

Introduction of Gulbahar

Regional Office in Lahore was set up

Tapal Green Tea launched as the first range of flavoured teas in the country

Shinkiari Tea Plantation was launched

Introduction of Tezdum
‹
›
Offices & Factories
