      
Awards
Pakistan Advertising Society (PAS) Award - Hot Beverages Category
Tapal Chenak Dustwon the award for its breakthrough campaign ‘Pyar Karan Waaran Ji Chaah
 (Pyar Karne Walo Ki Chai). The 65-second ad communicated a sense of longing, represented by the wait for a loved one, as well as refreshing rain. It is this wait that makes the eventual reunion beautiful and Chenak Dust completes the moment. Difficult conditions and daily hardships make such small daily occasions even more special. It is this emotion that was communicated in the Chenak Dust ad, with its colorful visuals resonating well with target consumers.
Pakistan Advertisers Society () – Hot Beverages
In , Tapal Danedar was bestowed with the prestigious award for the previous year’s recurring campaign, “Har Mizaaj se Aashna”. The core idea behind the campaign was to promote selfless acts of human kindness triggered by a hot cup of Tapal Tea.
Pakistan Advertisers Society () – Campaign of the Year
The manifesto of the prestigious PAS Awards is to acknowledge and honor ‘creativity idea and strategy that works’ and these were clearly the core feature of the winning Tapal Danedar campaign, Har Mizaj se Aashna. The campaign showed focus on four friends at a committee tea, and how Tapal Danedar played an important role in unearthing the inherent goodness of the ladies
All Pakistan Newspaper Society (APNS) Award - Best Print Advertisement
Tapal Corporate –The APNS award for the best print advertisement for concept and copy added to Tapal’s growing list of accolades. The award winning print advertisement celebrates the spirit of the nation demonstrated in the face of the devastating  floods. The Print campaign also paid rich tribute to the armed forces of the nation who played an important role in reaching out to the displaced and affected people.
Aurora Awards  – Best Electronic Media, Television
Winner Tapal Tezdum “Lagey Thaa Kar Key” and Honorable mention Tapal Family Mixture “Laagey Na Nazar”.
Aurora’s “Red Hot Brands” May  Issue
Recognized Tapal Danedar as one of the fastest growing brands, which, through innovative means created a niche for itself by offering a product with a tangible benefit or dana, which no tea company had done before.
Get In Touch With Us
