      
Board Of Directors
Aftab Tapal
Chairman
Aftab Tapal is the third generation of the Tapal family and the current Chairman of the company. After completing his degree in Marketing with Associates in Applied Sciences from USA, Aftab returned to join the family business in . While managing the day to day operations of the company, Aftab embarked upon a journey which was based on the principles of fair, honest and differentiated business practice. This journey has provided an admirable work culture and a Corporate Brand which has acquired the recognition of being market leader in its respective category of business.
Mehvish Tapal
Director
Mehvish Tapal is the 4th generation of the Tapal family and a Director in the company. Mehvish joined the family business immediately after graduating with Honors degree from Imperial College London. Mehvish has served various job rotations covering HR, Marketing and Supply Chain. Her prime area of interest includes Brand Innovation and Business Management.
Kumail Tapal
Director – International
Mr. Kumail Tapal is the fourth generation of Tapal Family and a Director in the company. After graduating from UK with International Business, Kumail joined Tapal Tea in . Kumail has served several job rotations in the company including International Markets, Finance and Tea Supply Chain. His prime areas of interest includes Tea Supply Chain and International Business Development.
Maria Tapal
Board Member
Maria Tapal is the 4th generation of the Tapal Tea Pvt Ltd family. After finishing her BSc in Management and Psychology from University of Toronto she joined James Finlays UK to be trained in the art of tea tasting and trading.
Since then she has been actively involved in managing the Tapal Family Office and its investments and participating on the Tapal Tea board as an active Board Member.
Samar Hayat
Chief Executive Officer
Samar has around 20 years of rich & diversified experience in the FMCG industry, having worked on progressive brands in Pakistan, Arabian Peninsula, India & Africa. He launched his career in Pakistan with Procter & Gamble in  and held various leadership positions within P&G. During his tenure with P&G he led giant global brands such as Ariel, Pampers, Gillette, Head & Shoulders and Pantene in his area of responsibility. His last role before joining Tapal Tea was Commercial Leader & Brands Director – Hair Care, Shave Care, Feminine Care, Oral Care, Beauty Care – Arabian Peninsula at Procter & Gamble based out of Dubai, UAE.
Amjad Ahmad
Board Advisor
Amjad Ahmad has 25 years of experience in private equity, venture capital and investment banking. He has invested in and advised over 50 companies and actively helped them to develop and grow. He served on boards in various industries including consumer products, education, finance, healthcare and technology. He is currently the Managing Partner of Precinct Partners, a venture capital firm. Amjad earned a Master in International Affairs from Columbia University and a Bachelor of Business Administration from Hofstra University. He is a graduate of the General Management Program at Harvard Business School and is a Certified Public Accountant.
Get In Touch With Us
