      
Brands
Tapal Danedar
Tum, Mein Aur Ek Cup Chai
Tapal Danedar has long maintained its reputation of having a unique blend which has made it the market leader and innovator within the tea category. As Pakistan’s first Danedar brand, Tapal Danedar has proved to be the first choice of tea connoisseurs across the country.
Tapal Family Mixture
Meri Family, Meri Strength
Tapal Family Mixture was the first brand of the Tapal Tea Company. Family Mixture originated from a small shop in Jodia Bazar and is now one of the most popular brands in Karachi.
Tapal Tezdum
Lagay Tha Ker Ke
Tapal Tezdum is a blend of high grown Kenyan primary leaf grades, which are carefully selected for their distinct flavor and bright golden rich color. The blend is specially designed to guarantee a faster infusion with a quick brewing time for a rich and strong taste.
Tapal Mezban
Mezbani jo raaz (the secret of hospitality)
Tapal Mezban has been known as the premium dust tea brand that understands and reflects the true essence of Sindhi culture and hospitality. Through its unmatchable and distinct flavour, it has consistently delivered its promise as the thriving market leader in the tea dust category.
Tapal Chenak
Piyar Karun Warunjee Chah (A tea for those who love)
Tapal Chenak is a brand specifically catered to the needs of the people of Tharparkar and the geography of Thar necessitates a sense of longing. Anticipation, yearning to re unite with loved ones, and the beauty of the sweet re union are attributes that Tapal Chenak thrives on.
Tapal GulBahar
Kashmiri aur Sabz Chai dono banai!
Tapal Gulbahar Tea is the pioneer brand in the green tea segment. It was launched in  to primarily target consumers in the northern market where “Sabz Chai or Qahwa” and “Kashmiri Chai” is hugely popular. With time it’s popularity and reach has grown and it’s the No. 1 green tea brand across the country.
Tapal Green Tea
Khaanay kay baad, Tapa Green Tea Please.
Tapal Green Tea is blended to perfection using the finest green tea leaves and specially selected natural ingredients & flavors, to create the perfect harmony of taste and aroma. Each teabag is individually packed so the freshness of Tapal Green Tea’s Natural Ingredients remains intact.
Tapal Special
Piyar Karun Warunji Chah (A tea for those who love)
Tapal Family Mixture was the first brand of the Tapal Tea Company. Family Mixture originated from a small shop in Jodia Bazar and is now one of the most popular brands in Karachi.
Tapal Danedar 3 in 1
Truly yours
Tapal’s latest offering in the market, “Tapal Danedar 3 in 1 Instant Tea with Elaichi” promises the same great taste, color and aroma associated with Tapal Danedar combined with the tantalizing flavor of Elaichi. It’s currently available in Karachi, Lahore, Rawalpindi & Islamabad.
Get In Touch With Us
