      
Management Team
Samar Hayat
Chief Executive Officer
Samar has around 20 years of rich & diversified experience in the FMCG industry, having worked on progressive brands in Pakistan, Arabian Peninsula, India & Africa. He launched his career in Pakistan with Procter & Gamble in  and held various leadership positions within P&G. During his tenure with P&G he led giant global brands such as Ariel, Pampers, Gillette, Head & Shoulders and Pantene in his area of responsibility. His last role before joining Tapal Tea was Commercial Leader & Brands Director – Hair Care, Shave Care, Feminine Care, Oral Care, Beauty Care – Arabian Peninsula at Procter & Gamble based out of Dubai, UAE.
Anwar Nabi Dar
Chief Sales Officer
Anwar Nabi Dar joined TAPAL in August of  – he holds an MBA degree from IBA and has 12 years of rich experience in the FMCG industry.
He launched his career with Philip Morris Pakistan Limited in  and worked his way up to hold various Leadership Positions within and outside Pakistan. His last assignment was Sales Director- Pakistan at Philip Morris International.
He is an expert in crafting strong business models, strengthening Go To Market operations, leveraging sales automation and digitization of various processes/platforms to provide an improved customer experience while enabling and delivering sustainable business growth.
Imtiaz Jalil
Chief Financing Officer
Imtiaz is fellow member of Institute of Chartered Accountants of Pakistan and Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, UK, besides holding a certification in Internal Audit from the Institute of Internal Auditors, USA.
He has 25 years of rich financial management and corporate governance experience for delivering accelerated and competitive organizational growth. He launched his career with Price Waterhouse Coopers (A. F. Ferguson & Co.) in  before moving to Unilever Pakistan Limited (). He worked his way up to hold various diversified Leadership Positions both locally and internationally. Before joining Tapal, he was associated with Pakistan State Oil Company Limited as Chief Financial Officer. He is also member of the Board and Board Audit Committee of Pakistan Refinery Limited as Independent Director.
Syeda Fatima Ahmad
Head of Regulatory Affairs & Company Secretary
Fatima joined Tapal in . She is an LLB from Sindh Muslim Law College, LLM from university of Aberdeen. She has over 17 years of experience in the field of corporate law, having worked with Kabraji &Talibuddin, Shell Pakistan, PPL, Engro Foods Ltd (now Friesland Campina) Engro Corporation, and Inbox Business Technologies Limited. She also carries extensive experience as company secretary.
Amra Mubashir
General Manager Human Resources
Amra Mubashir is a passionate and energetic HR professional having work experience of 15+ years with high profile multinational companies within FMCG, Telecommunication and Banking. She has had the opportunity to lead multi-cultural teams in all aspects of HR across Asia Pacific and Middle East in British American Tobacco and PepsiCo International. She specialises in developing practical and innovative HR strategies aligned with organisational needs. She has led Regional and Global initiatives on talent management, leadership development, talent acquisition and Diversity and Inclusion. She has also worked with Global Centre of Inclusion, USA on “DEI futures project” to reinvent, reimagine and retool D&I practices. She holds D&I certification from INSEAD business school.
Muhammad Asif
General Manager Sales
Muhammad Asif leads a strong sales and distribution team at Tapal, concentrating on building business and strategizing business growth while ensuring Tapal Tea remains in the lead. He has 15+ years of diversified experience in Sales, Trade Marketing, Channel and Business Development in various industries like Tobacco, Telecom, FMCG and Beverages. Prior to this role, he has been associated with prestigious organizations like Phillip Morris, Ufone and Abudawood.
Mohsin M. Saify
General Manager Tea Supply Chain
Mr. Mohsin M. Saify is a seasoned tea taster by profession, having experience of more than 30 years in the area of tea tasting and procurement. Completing his graduation from Karachi University, Mr. Saify has been associated with Tapal Tea (Private) Limited since .
Muhammad Shabbir
General Manager Operations
Shabbir has been part of Tapal for over 25 years and has worked in Supply Chain, Procurement, Quality and Production Operations. He leads the operations for Karachi & Lahore plants along with logistics nationwide. Among his most notable successes at Tapal are developing the roadmap for turnaround of Tapal Procurement and Operations functions, the induction of top of line solutions for packaging & production and the expansion of plants and warehouses.
Previously he has held various roles with the leading MNCs like Bayer Pharma, Boots Pharmaceuticals, Gillette Pakistan and Bristol Myers Squibb, He holds a Master degree in Business Administration.
Mobashir Ahmad Siddiqui
General Manager Administration
Mr. Mobashir Ahmed Siddiqui is an MBA in Human Resource Management. With a career that spans over 20 years, he has had the privilege of being trained and commissioned in the Pakistan Army for 12 engaging years. He is associated with Tapal since .
Muhammad Arsalan Khan
Head of Central Procurement
Arsalan has been leading Central Procurement in Tapal since  . He has more than 13 years of strong & diversified experience in the field of Procurement & Supply chain.
He developed his career in Unilever where he has led many regional roles across Africa, MiddleEast, South East Asia, Russia & Pakistan.
In his last role with Unilever; he led successfully packaging, chemical & outsourcing strategy for the company.
Get In Touch With Us
